Add pmem-variant description (#1)
TieredMemDB/TieredMemDB: index.md

## Configuration parameters
The application has additional configuration parameters related to the handling of two types of memories.

### Memory Allocation Policy

> 

Reviewer: Why additional space? It was present with # and absent from ##; ### is a direct subsection of ## and indirect of #, so I think that no space is more justifiable

*memory-ratio-check-period 100*

### Persistent Memory Variant

When the Memory Allocation Policy is set to a value other than *dram-only* it means that some memory will be allocated on one or more PMEM nodes.

> There are two options for how the Memory Allocator will choose which PMEM NUMA node should be used first and what happens when that node runs out of free space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Persistent Memory Variant specifies how the Memory Allocator chooses PMEM NUMA node and what happens when that node runs out of free space.
```

Persistent Memory Variant is defined in redis.conf or via command line argument:

> * *single* - in this variant memory comes from the closest Persistent Memory NUMA node at the time of allocation. If there is not enough free memory in this node, to satisfy an allocation request, inactive pages from this node are moved into the swap space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *single* - in this variant memory comes from the closest Persistent Memory NUMA node at the time of allocation. If there is not enough free memory in this node to satisfy an allocation request, inactive pages from this node are moved into the swap space.
```

> * *multiple* - in this variant memory comes from the closest Persistent Memory NUMA node available at the time of allocation. When there is not enough free memory in this node, to satisfy an allocation request, the allocation pattern switches to the next closest persistent NUMA node. When available space is exhausted in all persistent NUMA nodes - the swap space is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *multiple* - in this variant memory comes from the closest Persistent Memory NUMA node available at the time of allocation. When there is not enough free memory in this node to satisfy an allocation request, the allocation pattern switches to the next closest persistent NUMA node. When available space is exhausted in all persistent NUMA nodes - the swap space is used.
```

> In both variants, if there is no free memory left in the swap space, an "Out of Memory" error occurs. By default TieredMemDB uses a "single" variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is no free memory left in the swap space, an "Out of Memory" error occurs, regardless of the value of Memory Variant.

By default, TieredMemDB uses a "single" variant.
```

Example:

Use all available PMEM NUMA nodes

> *pmem-variant multiple*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
    pmem-variant multiple
    ```
```

The "```" quotes are used to denote a code block in github-flavoured markdown.

Please remove leading whitespace from suggestion - leading spaces show a non-formatted block, otherwise they would be treated as markdown by github.

Suggestion, after removing leading whitespace would be formatted as:

```
pmem-variant multiple
```

Reviewer: Please check lines 129-138 for correctly formatted code block.

### Hashtable on DRAM

The main hashtable may be one large allocation. In a situation where the base consists mainly of a large number of small keys and values, the allocation of the main hashtable affects significantly the PMEM/DRAM ratio. On the other hand, as it is very often used for writing and reading, so it should be placed in DRAM. The following option allows you to choose where you want to allocate the hashtable to depending on your needs.

Example:

Keep hashtable structure on DRAM or on PMEM

> *hashtable-on-dram yes/no*

Reviewer: I know this line was not edited, but it has the same problem as above - formatted as *cursive*, not as a ```code block```.

Reviewer: Please check lines 129-138 for correctly formatted code block.
